I'll wait a minute, are you going to kill me?
Architecture adult
King of Beidu See Architecture Lord
Kill County Construction Lord
Mr. Jianjianzun
Come and eat this bowl of powder
No, no, no.
Mr. Jianzun, thank you for letting you eat. Okay
Lord Mirror, how did he offend you?
I'm teaching him to do things
Stand aside and don't talk
Are you waiting for me to feed you?
Yes, yes!
It takes ten seconds to eat it up
One more second, I'll stab you one more time. Wow.
This is your man.
Is it a good mix?
Global 7 billion
He was the only one who dared to ask me for protection money
And spit in my sarcasm
What a bastard
You still ask Lord Jiande to collect protection fees
You, you don't know who is Lord Jiande
I don't know. It's okay.
Come on, don't waste it.
Pick up the bag for me and eat it clean
Yes Yes Yes Yes
I'm finished eating